thats always the answer with you idiots , tax tax tax tax never work and earn yourself
when they are called out on their stupidity they just call people crybabies .
when you gonna start on this shit son ?
a foolish or easily deceived person .
cite a policy and ill strike those bastards .
they have become disgusting and reprehensible pigs .
fuck me in the ass hole init blud
then they can join their black brothers as inmates again .
stop attacking me you shitty shit heads .
my question to you is would you put your military and professional careers on the line for a pathological liar .
bottom line is the chump screwed up .
fuck you fuck you fuck you it war your want well its war you will get you fucking bastaerd you fucking bastered fuck you fuck you
discott you are a filthy racist and i hope you die .
probably manned by another stoner idiot on their state sanctioned weed .
dont mention that idiots name .
vur fuckin extra tryna bryte up urself and delete and revert my edits what if i revert ur face cuz it seems like u need some revertin on that ugly shit bitch .
aa the alt left usual insulting childish bs yet again ! , crying over other peoples wealth , well ignorant one , he turned a few million into billions on his own !
you are not only uneducated , but also heartless , compasionless , and thoughtless .
fuck all u bitches and hores talor romo
were currently laughing at you hypocrites , who condemned trump when he assisted the coal industry , but now also condemn him when he didnt .
i will check your id code and then murder you !
i cant believe wp has so many childish editors that are allowed to power trip , bullshit the policies and admin and get their way like whining children .
they are really looking foolish .
in all caps maybe then youll listen : read what we say you stubborn asshole .
how braindead do you have to be to not understand that sentence .
a student in first year economics would see the that this program is absolutely ridiculous .
: : you didnt answer the question , asshole .
go and fuck your momma you dumb fuck nerd
if only my aunt had an assault weapon she could have killed the scum that murdered her with a knife before he killed her .
trump says anything even if untrue , a pathological liar and not to be trusted .
hey , moron , check the dui stats from those same states you mentioned .
what in the flying fuck are you trying to provoke ? !
this jerk makes me never want to go to church again or give it one dime .
those who run this country ( and some of the others in the region ) are a bunch of pigs !
gaysex was still horny ashell , her nipples and clit sticking out even in sleep .
then , perhaps this stupid encyclopedia , shall understad that they are making people more stupid .
go to hell you nosy b1tch .
trump is wrapped in deceit , surrounds himself with shills too willing to sacrifice all integrity , and there is no greater hypocrite than mitch mcconnell .
so impressed by how dumb you lefties are .
you are a sad excuse for a human being .
liars , crooks , thieves must be voted out of office .
dont vandalize my talk page , nigga .
as a nation , we seem to be getting dumber and more ugly by the day .
some already proven wrong , but the stupid dems .
why do crazy leftist have such short attention spans ?
its one of the ways we know that this story is , indeed , about the sinfulness of homosexual sodomy .
blinkered , kneejerk reaction against pipelines has always seemed to be fundamentally stupid to me .
what a twat that fella is .
donald trump is a carnival barker and a hypocrite .
must be a country of retards .
you vandalized the daylight savings article , motherfucker !
slavery and white supremacy are evil and deserve no honor .
got no love for you chumps real niggas dont front .
anal gay rape molest shemale porn .
this guy is worse than pierre elliott idiot .
you are a fuck ugly feminist dyke , and a good bit of rape would do you no harm !
more like a dirty cocksucker bastard consultant how to sqqueeze peoples energy out for his own maximum gain
like i cant even go to the club and fuck bitches get money .
another example of air canada stupidity .
young buck said himself in an interview on hiphopdx he was finna call it this , so fuck you mothafucka !
dont act if you were stupid .
actually hesand there is a 3year rule in this stupid state that allows a 18yr old man to date a 15yr old kid .
how about you stop deleting it when its from the same fucking source asshole .
another deranged , dishonest liberal who cant handle the fact that his side lost ( and will lose again ) .
rtfs read the fucking source .
just as that imbecile trudeau is being proven wrong
el salvador all day every day fuck ecuador
hes a serial adulterer and accused rapist and molester .
you people are too crazy for your own good and you want to take the rest of us with you .
if individuals are doing stupid dangerous activities with driver less cars no amount of government regulation will fix stupid .
yes , homsar is sad and pathetic and worthless and a stupid loser and a sad pathetic worthless stupid loser , but his article is really good and very informative .
do ticks have assholes or what , i think they do but im not sure i was just wondering because that question has been bothering me for a while now .
the school is good and so is the cirriculim or whatever but the kids fucking suck !
its literally the lamest scat rape porn ever , ltrly .
so stupid humor didnt appeal to themyears ago ?
what a load of fucking bollocks !
i dont care what you think , the article is bullshit .
why dont you fuckers check your links ?
a silly and superficial man .
please dont give the pelican shit vandalhour blocks .
what an absolute hypocrite you are being here ousider77 .
i dont care who you are , quit fucking with edits .
suck a mens dick and suck it propely eat the sperm bitch !
why do you make yourself look like a fool with such nonsense ?
separate yourself from all the stupid people around you .
personally , i didnt care that obama didnt call terrorism out at radical islamic anymore than i care that trump calls out the white supremacist fools by name .
this is what your fat pig of a leader deals in : .
in closing , dont forget to fuck off .
carl bernstein is an idiot , yes president trump does not fit the mold relating to past presidents .
dear losers who ban me for editing pages you guys suck did you know that you really suck
no political agenda , yet you reprint garbage from wapo and nyt that wasnegative on trump .
you gave yourself a smily face for that garbage ?
dude has admitted his damn self in his concerts , leave the shit alone .
that dick father of his wiped out alberta , i knew this castrolover would do the same .
he is , though , a buffoon , a petty con man , .
e4 gtnkms dbjhgurfgujrgujriougyirfuhygiuhfikhgfiojhr tiorihrt u are idiotat
the idiot that started all this didnt do it because he has some cause .
maclnnis is extremely gay for fat and sweaty men
well youre not youre just a cock starved hooker .
hitler is the gay man of the year and if u like beating black people up kiss my black azz
in the sixfour bending corners , my nigga .
we cant just add unsubstantiated , madeup shit to articles to appease you .
flipping the switch on a prerecorded nys message while youre romping in the surf is just plain dumb .
hes a joke and a pathetic excuse for a fake news person .
hats off to the employees who objected to this stupid air canada policy statement , well done i say .
trump exacts words , this week after the event was : the kk , white supremicist and neo nazis are repugnant and have no place in america and all violence is wrong .
a man has sex with a man when he gets horny !
sequim red rag , go back to russia , or hell , where ever you came from .
dukenukem : kill em all and let god sort it out .
kinkle is a crazy , dangerous murderer .
your cranky racist story is bs .
this woman is such a bitch , and dont delete this this is a discusion page and i am discusing my views
idiot you didnt respond to my first message , did you ?
: : no , he is an arrogant , self serving , immature idiot .
he is a right git with a smelly cunt if ya ask me .
c. fred is a jerk so is wikhead !
your must be a racist and a bigot !
i want to be the first to nominate kyon watson and carlton tarkington for the stupidest crooks of the year award .
why the fuck do you say that thupakki has mixed to negative reviews while all the sources say it is very good .
if this groundswell of idiots that elected trump was able to really go full blown stupid and get being gay outlawed would you then change your tune to oh well !
likewise , if you feeling butch but still have a vagina the womens restroom is where you go .
so please spare us your bigoted obnoxious prodoctor crap .
asshole i didnt accuse you of anything .
i wonder who is the idiot who compared funding of $ DIGIT million each for both the arts and the humanities people to trumps wall .
you are really a horrible person to single me out like this .
the article claims yori is a slut .
all i do is pretend to work hard and abuse my admin powers blocking anyone who does not enjoy gay porn .
tom seyer is an idiot .
thats plain idiotic on her part .
and yess , i am bashing you !
damn you hillal and your amazing memory .
you are a blight on humanity
insult people attending as stupid no problem .
being secretary of state and having pubic service will still trump being an ignorant sexist and bigot .
: : if your intention here is to make yourself look like a smallminded , ignorant , vindictive moron , youre doing an excellent job !
im guessing that youre really black and hate nascar , or white trash and are engaging in some hillbilly on hillbilly trash talk .
you assholes still regard arjun pandav as your ancestor even after such long time of your conversion into islam .
you are just plain stupid .
funny how the alt left are soo desperate to wish america ill just so they can lick their failed ideology pathetic !
cant find something on the internet that you , or some trash talking dude made up ?
we are christian so we beleive that all gays should die .
hold on while i find a barnstar to put on your pagea barnstar with big , hairy balls .
this hillarys going to jail stuff is so stupid .
i would like to ejaculate on your face
is donald trump a sociopath ?
what is hidden behind his true character , he is jerk .
no doubt he will raise some cash for his side show given there simply re so many stupid liberals in oregon for him to target between portland and eugene .
christopher mccluless followers are as ignorant as he was .
listen amigo me ser amigable bato but im not that clase de chliangos that dislikes you motha fucka st .
it is stupid for the us to give canada billions dollars trade surplus all the time while the us is going broke .
youre a stupid , ignorant , busybody piece of shit .
she does sink like urine .
they run a family business and he should be beheaded
and proceeds to rip his head and spine out .
the idiot just doesnt get it .
you are even more sonofabitch than the nasty general than shwe .
thats too pathetic to joke about .
new bc budget should reverse the monumentally stupid policies of .
p. s. i hope your mothers saw u knocking up that bint you bunch of filthy pikey bastards .
just to let you people know , this site is really stupid , dumb and idiotic
hurricane machine to kill him .
how is it that the rational ass can not just make a random choice for the sake of breaking the deadlock ?
hi u stupid ugly guy .
fuck you ill cut you ass up
hey tell me how cum your not there today cum on tell me !
you are ignorant and crude .
your eagle mouth is being overloaded by your hummingbird derriere again .
trump is an incompetent buffoon who is in way , way over his head and the other world leaders obviously are aware of that .
hey why dint you just shut up pjacobi you faggot
this is a bullshit page and should be removed .
where did you find this junk ?
you can lose weight and get in shape , but you cant fix stupid .
viva mexico y fuck purto rico
this kind of crap has been going on for years going back to the birth of the republic .
its their guns that are doing most of the damages , not muslim immigrants .
and then those who just become a garbage man .
youve got a fucking barnstar !
which mohammed didnt , cause his testicles never descended when he was a kid .
you are really quite the hypocrite , and clearly have a perverted view of history .
of course there are fucking hippies that oppose the war .
yes , different strokes for different folks , but in your case it is funny kind strokes , more like an obsessed sexual predator .
all the lying thieving liebrals are going .
get ready canada , life for you and the rest of the leftist oneworldgovernment crowd is about suck .
her she gained a gaint erection that size of a house and yelled kaito whats up .
no cow boy card , no thinking about the game while your having sex !
dave doesnt play guitar , idiots .
running will definitely bang it right out of you , but this woman is nuts .
i am the oldest idiot alaive !
all niggers stink and need to die
redirect talk : complete idiots guides
my gawd the left are a stupid .
ur gayy lulz urnerdygayylulz let meh edit u gayy
blacks protest things like discrimination and being killed by cops unfairly .
this is a rudderless ship of fools that reflects all of the worst attributes of the wynne govt .
im hoping trump will protect us from trudeau since theres lots of crap hes put forth that is hurting us .
i have a dream that i can hang a few stupid people heads on my wall one day .
thompson is an asshole who should die like a dog !
either you are russian or incredibly dumb .
quite simply , djt is an asshole .
get your fricken ass off of wikipedia or i will stick your head in a microwave !
damn you bastard , you killed me .
your ayear old white cousin fucker virgin and i hate your guts , your mother is dead i killed her and i enjoyed it u faggot .
i hope when hillary is elected president , shell go gunning for trump and lock him up for a brutal rape .
you recently warned an ip address about vandalism to confucius by saying , congratulations , youre an idiot .
he would fit right in with the rest of the clowns .
fuck , im evil for instigating this .
my only concern about deletion is that another of her idiot disciples will start the whole thing over again .
now how can you prove your statement that altleft women are loathsome ?
the businessman is even more pathetic than the first mba president
bothe bitches enquired about my girls friend .
trump is a dangerous belligerent buffoon .
since the shooter was a white christian male who taught bible school and an exmember of the air force , he is a mentally ill man who needed help .
you fully deserve every bit of contempt thrown at you .
he obviously has mental problems .
he is a dirty boy .
obama was a lawless thug .
but many of us think they are decent american citizens exercising their right to free speech , and opposing the idiocy emanating from the white house .
same idiotic obsession with useless meaningless things that looks just like useless waste of time on kardashian bull crap .
this concept is stupid and ridiculous .
not only that if your paying over thebracket its because your a moron .
see ignorant sheep there is plenty of damage to deal with
will there be an idiotic quote from the boy blunder about canada being the worlds first postnational state or other such drivel ?
in this test hes a loser !
but it is really difficult with the insistance on dragging up this nazi bullshit all the time .
and wikimedia : dont be a jerk
pathetic state this country is in with a lying cheating corrupt bastard at the helm .
fuck you ! i am not fuckin vandaliving anything bitch !
but stupid egos get in the way .
poor loser democrats nothing there all innuendo and emotional fluff .
i coulda got babes for the ugly jewish man .
wikipedia was created by raging faggots who loved to bum fuck each other .
fools that are mansplaining too them , cant stop them , and the world is a better place for it .
heather mallick is such a piece of canadian trash !
thanks trudeau and morneau , you narrow minded , short sighted fools .
umm , they were both muslim terrorists no ?
i would have to kill mysself if i was fat because that would suck so bad !
and im sure barack thinks that you are a dumbass .
mnuchin , you worthless , elitist , right wing hypocrite , why dont you take your own advice and stop flying with your barbie trophy wife on the taxpayers money ? .
adult men ( except trump and you , perhaps ) do not entertain themselves by tweeting idiotic videos of golf balls hitting someone .
whats up prissy nigga , .
eat it up , fools , its the only thing on your menu for the next DIGIT years .
hes a perfect representation of idiot rightwingers .
its the only way these trump trolls can get any likes on their ridiculous comments
: : linuxbeak , stop acting like a cunt and go and cyber taxman on irc .
trump is a mentally unbalanced weak and belligerent child .
that is ( stupid ) .
another sore loser heard from .
you are an idiot and i cant stand ignorant donutholes .
dick cheney will fucking kill all of those goddam democrats !
face it dems , you lost , you had an inferior pathetic woman running .
jung chang is an idiot to those who think so ( myself included ) , and she isnt to those who dont think so .
well we know someones a dick
white middle class america under obamas is destroyed and working class families lose for the sake of gang drug dealers and black lives matter terrorists .
you are as usual a south bc ignorant since it was resources in the north of the lower mainland that do that
shut the mutherfunkin up bitch azz niggaz
stop stalking me , hoodad , you creepy weirdo !
this idiot will probably soon be removed from office for incompetancy and then what will you say ?
go bugger off you liberal racist .
he wants to have sex with her
god you are one brain washed fool of left wing stupidity .
wow after the crash a year ago and the jobs lost that has affected our economy so much to the negative and you idiots on the left still ignore the importance of oil ?
but , i wont call you idiot .
what you fail to just admit , boots , is that both parties are equally despicable , lying , over spending , big government cksukking liars
how many canadians would welcome to canada german nazis , who teach their children to hate jews and to kill homosexuals .
david henkin of earth justice is weak and pathetic .
obviously the liberals do not want to be known as hypocrites .
corker is a nogood rino piece of dung .
how about adn does an article on young people being stupid robbing the dope man or the dopeman is just robbing people and what it cost these fools .
this town is a crap hole !
hillary is an unlikeable murderer .
david the dogman sucks my dick
ive said many times that carrie is an idiot .
we werent sexually abused and we arent mentally ill , you ahole .
dave williams does not care about colorado , and he obviously does not care about the constitution or he would not have sent such an illinformed and ignorant letter .
i will kill you youfucken penis .
he is unamerican and an intensely disgusting person .
yet another stupid decision by favonian .
she is so stupid , she should not feel any regrets giving up her money .
let me repeatblack on black homicide was aboutincompared to DIGIT for whites .
trump , youve shucked or lost the good people in favor of the swamp rats .
bromide , take a break from trashing those awful americans and get back to destroying the eurozone and eu , ok ?
outside admins dont want to deal with such shit and the wmf shares the ideology the cabal is pushing .
they have candidates like the donald who just lies and moore who is just hypocritical besides being a big sicko .
start there first you idiot !
incidentally , more blacks are killed by other blacks than any other shooters .
if its a white killer , there is mental illness and the orange headed fool tells us it is not a guns issue .
sorry but you are pathetic .
you all act like fucking children .
the penis , deep artery of the penis , artery of the urethral bulb .
what a selfish murdering pig .
: : no , so fuck off , kevin .
they should have kept the sick twisted little whimp in the nut house where he had been placed just a couple of weeks before .
you are such a retard .
what the hell are you talking about ?
you jerk you blocked me !
both were told what liars and thieves they were .
yeah , hed better run or well cut off his tail as a trophy
akjen you would be the idiot .
a faggit who likes dick in his ass .
like kniveselectricityburninghangingmutilationcrotch attacksfeces eatingslaverybutt fucking till the anus bleeds , or , in milder cases , lower amounts of suffering .
in any event , removing the early life section will give them a lot less pretext to make stupid comments and will probably make the cleanup crew really happy .
all you will get is a butt full of buck shot .
well if you cut off your wang and now have a hole then go to the womens .
he is a bully and sleazy operator .
he is a madman and we should all be worried by now !
its no longer conservative , its liberal trash .
your people have wallowed like pigs in corruption for centuries .
do not do that any more , bitch .
you remnant helped elect an ignorant degenerate to the presidency , and ill never let you forget it .
all this crap is real .
hey off2riorob , fucking aussie dog , you and your ancestors came from the sperm of convicts .
i would have just templated your ass .
sthe english svword vor for whore
his penis is over a foot long .
idiot , your the one thats actually wrong !
fuck you you nucka bitchyou need to suck cock you little hag of a faglik my ratty trashy ass , bitch !
how the fuck should i get this fucking permission ? !
we should send the despotic and corrupt chinese govt the $ bill .
this isnt about race , its about stupidity .
fuck you all forever and forever and forever .
super man was a crippled mo fo who had a bad temper so he kicked the shit out of everyone who was trying to help us .
that is all , you fuckers
why bitch at me , and not clara ?
they are will always be stupidity and greed .
sad old fool cant get anyone to take him seriously anymore .
all the focus will be on thyr old idiot now and in the years ahead .
i wish they were all shot to death .
more and more likely there will have to be a citizens initiative to take back the government in alaska from the corrupt bastards club .
trudeau will continue to suck and blow on this illegal migrant issue .
they are all a bunch of liars and cowards , and they will be ousted in the next election .
after all , not all criminals are totally stupid or without fear of being hurt .
sock puppets is not me says me , dont beleive the nigger commies
is there such a thing as cunt shit anyway ?
fair enough , but youre still talking shit ( and still refusing to sign your comments i see )
she is so stupid too .
be damned , about the first hammer piece i agree with .
yes , i would just like to tell you that you are a loser !
fuck you ottawa u , .
what hypocrites the republicans are .
please take another english class before you write like a stupid person .
that is so stupid of ted that he ditched her and was still cheating !
all traitors should be shot or hung .
if you dont know any better then shut up !
why didnt anyone mention anything about all the faggots ?
you saved me a fucking shit load of searching to find out what thestate was .
you are incompetent , dethcock !
then you admit you are a chump .
otherwise you are the same as birther and failed leader , liar trump .
and night the stupid thing get in and out what is this thing about man
that is a costume ) or some stupid gag is not what halloween was about , especially to anyone with a basic knowledge of history .
needs some sex besides the pee pee tapes tho
please refrain from such obvious vandalism , are you some sort of idiot thinking that will get through ?
your a brain washed fool of ignorance .
your journalism puts on display your idiocy for all to see .
id also like it if you could rub your penis on and inbetween my boobs , and lick my clit .
jesper holm is a little very stupid boy .
youre a fat gay idiot loser .
hopefully bomb him into oblivion !
hes nothing more than a blowhard and a liar , with a massive ego .
only pathetically weak people that dont have the balls to say what they .
thanks for being an asshole !
rubbish , you couldnt catch a cold .
and yeah , all this calling me an idiot monkey etc probably make it uite personal , no idea why .
two users , and , are a shits because the two fucking users are blocking users in this crap that is wikipedia .
i was in the cinema recently and watched hancock say then you better sue mcdonalds because they fucked you up .
this protest will fall flat on its face , what a bunch of uninformed idiots !
if i ever track ya down , i fucking kill you piece of shit .
already discussed during the move of idiot .
outlaw this garbage drug production and put these people behind bars .
their stupidity only comes into play because they dont understand what they lost by winning .
kendricks from pittsburgh not compton he a wack motherfucker nwa would be ashamed boyy
what i say or do obviously doesnt fucking matter so just delete it and leave me the fuck alone .
everything that america paid for in blood on the battlefields of europe and in the campaigns in the western pacific is being thrown away by this giant orange clown .
all three are nothing more than stooges to a fascist traitor .
lying goverment saysorinflation which is total bullshit .
coaches are over paid idiots and any of us can solve their problems if we took the time they do .
this rap crap isnot even music but just coded words , tha one idiot uses to communicate with another idiot .
get your distance from him and then take a running start hit him brother , hit him , and please hit the scoundrel hard .
i find it incredibly stupid that the chump relied on the previous administration to vet his nsa .
though hopefully this will happen , as lifetime is run by idiot women .
if a black man beat up a little old lady , i would called him a black thug .
they should hang all three of them .
as no such evidence has been presented , this lying shit should shut the fuck up .
trump is the most pathetic us president ever
DIGIT ) your consistent and pathological lying about hillary has left us with a dangerous , totally unfit and inexperienced racist , sexist fascist who has handed over our democracy to putin and the
hope to see you in hell velupillaisob
you and your whole family are a joke and embarrassment !
how about dem apples you fucking douchebags !
wait till i c u im gona fuck u up u little country ass nigga .
all what you say is total crap !
the jerk off has done zero .
astounding stupidity from the voters continues .
big titties westboro or better still fuck off
its a peice of crap ! lololol .
trumps only actual crime is fairly winning the election against that ridiculous old fishwife hillary .
a comes before bcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz and they all suck chode anyway so go fuck yourself for using wiki to search the letter a u fucking loser .
dont make that fucking mistake , nigger .
how many incredibly stupid things does he have to do to get through to you ?
this user is a dick who removes the comments of others .
sarah palin is a fucking bitch .
its not a crime , loser .
im getting very sick of their shit .
me just being a punkd bitch asshole muthafuka
i hope your car smashes into a wall while youre in it .
so if i write here you are a huge jerk , then that isnt me ?
he is a mass murderer , pure and simple .
and go ahead and ban my ip from editing , ill just change it when i wanna fuck with you again since your a typical wiki nazi faggot asshole .
the msm are looking like fools .
god burn these motherfucking asshole to death in heel please they are mindless idiots harassing everyone .
bold text kim is a whore that will do anything for a good fix
sexual offenders and sexual predators cannot be rehabilitated !
such bullshit he wasnt charged .
you cretins should be ashamed of yourselves .
a worthless piece of shit .
im glad that you and i can agree that ed is a ridiculous pile of garbage .
so you think she deserved to be raped because she chose to drink and was passed out drunk ?
you can all go to hell for not stopping the forf $ ing years
you stated , or you piss off your girlfriend by having sex with her sister and she drops the dime .
you are a horrible person you know that and i can do what ever i want and dont track me down or i will to you
only liberal idiots would support this type of nonsense .
trump wasnt speaking about the disabled reporter you idiot .
he then replied by saying , my wood is too big it wont fit in your pussy !
you fucking braindead oroszkathe syrian government is sunni including the first lady and the army .
his call to temporarily ban all muslims from entering the united states .
trump has exposed the media for the garbage pail of lies , the cesspool of political .
ill murder you in your own home you faggot !
check your fucking ips before you go shooting off your mouth .
canadian commenters posting about gun control in america couldnt be more naive and ignorant about a subject .
mmfd miles ( and ) miles ( of ) fucking desert .
go to hell kazileggs using ip .
i dont fuck with losers , stop harassing me .
catholics ignored their own pope , the gospel and principles which contribute to healthy society and voted for a horses ass for president .
harper was much , much better than this inept person and co .
have you seen super troopers and that part where kevin heffernan is naked and isnt his little penis so cute ?
eat a dead nigger baby .
dummy you work for us not us for youre rugrats
the smaller and more remote the town the more likely you are to encounter a cop who is nuts .
you are a curry munching stinking fck .
but when its someone who doesont need your help then your a little pussy .
fucking jewish pieces of shit .
: you just called a bot a moron .
fuck you you motherfucker you are a cunt and a whore
sad , how pathetic congress , esp the gop , has become .
i cant wait for this buffoon to be gone .
global warming alarmists cute phrase but remarkably stupid .
both are corruptive , liars and both of them cares nothing about people like us .
your ignorant and borderline bigoted blast at catholics is exactly why the founders decision to make america secular was the correct one .
shit , cause the judge look just like that motherfucker put our ass on the boat and made me a nigga .
that is a ridiculous statement .
shut up and quit acting like babies !
your statements show me how ignorant you are .
women are just as perverted as men , and i know this from experience !
saying fuck off isnt even a personal attack , and its downright tame compared to transgressions which go on at ani every day .
i do belive yoyu that this fuck is a rasist cuz i go there too .
pawnstar had sex with simon cowelan
daniel tosh likes to suck penis especially horse ones .
i saw that shit on your william lynch article .
by the way im just joking ! ha ha ha motherfuckers !
people who get killed by the muhajedeen deserve it .
idiots , spanish is not a national language of the u. s .
so get off my fucking back !
hes a clown like you and .
he sucks cuz he blocked me .
the architect did say how the stupidity of the american voter played a factor in getting the aca enacted into law .
deliberate misspelling of my name , inserting dick into the last part ?
malik shabazz can suck a rhino cock .
wye shold i go to a godless fagot loving publc schhool .
but , they will soon be dead so they really dont matter and replaced by upcoming slashed benefits boomer children courtesy of the same traitorous one party deadbeats .
i hate you , i think you are an idiot , and youre contributions are stupid .
hell , a shit stain serves more purpose in life than you do .
hes the most unqualified person to ever step foot in the white house , yet the lowiq crowd continues to support whatever idiotic policy he comes up with .
samantha jo brown aka mrs idiotic brat
must be your wet dreams , racist .
why are you such a pervert bill g ?
whoever you are imposter , is that you chugiak , im coming for you .
who voted for these fools and more importantly who didnt vote .
i was becpoming hot and was feeling erection in my dick but the presence of veena was making another problem for both of us .
so when you when you so fuck up my nigga this is kinda ?
the most disturbing thing about these demented lefties is that they think it is their town !
i love the way the like to kill people because people are dumb sometimes and i wanna kill them if they need to be killed .
oh yes , blame taylor , why the fuck not ?
every negro deserves a donkey and a bucket to eliminate in , according to the articles of reconstruction .
why you hate me and rape my children .
alaskans hate phony , leftist trash .
you liberal catholics are hateful .
i cant even find the fucking library .
ill be damned before i let you white right wing wealthy tea baggers control the world .
you probably live in your moms basement and jack off to gay porn .
who is writing this shit ?
you will notice that none of the crazies will reply because they cant unless they look a fool .
shit on , shit on , shit on their gigis below below !
haha , if you were him , then i would be angry because he has said fuck criollos to white mexicans , so .
why are you such a scumsucking nigger ?
fuck everyone and yourself you motherfucking asshole !
they are a bunch of assholes .
gay sex traces my lips with his finger .
however if your impaired , be it alcohol or drugs , stay off the damn roads .
a few innocent kids will die before stupid people will understand that science is .
because of the risk of wikipedia looking stupid
the real nazis are the ones that call themselves neo nazis and white supremacists .
all the pig people are crying again !
drugs , let them and let them die .
wtf is wid u , fuckon deleting it
essentially , that that the mainstream media does a good job but we are all too dumb to appreciate it .
i live here and i know where the fucking casino is !
i hope you die in pain and suffering .
you will become impotent and gay !
there are a lot of stupid people in this world .
u are a wanker that tosses his father whilst cleaning out your mother u anal raping cocki sucking dildo faced asswipe
i think most libidinous asexuals masturbate for the same reason they would scratch themselves if they were itchy .
: bitch brandi wasnt removed you dumb ass .
hurrican sany can go suck a dick .
you are a disaster for the environment and the country .
this is as funny as shit : .
do you honestly think the government is that stupid ?
so , haha u losers lol !
remember ontario : you elected this scum .
lol wow you people are retarded .
you die in a hideous carefire .
stupid bot leave me alone !
this idiocy i need to pray at work , school , etc must stop .
i hope they catch the scumbags that did this and that they resist arrest .
an entirely rational ass , placed exactly in the middle between two stacks of hay of equal size and quality , will starve since it cannot make any rational decision .
i too would like to know what stick was up that moderators ass
why havent you ended your pathetic life yet ?
read the fucking rules and consensus and stop pestering me .
carl , for the sake of the nation , you and your media friends go flush yourselves down the toilet !
did the white house staff that prepared this imbecilic statement keep a straight face after they wrote it ?
they constantly get picked on and shitted on like me .
now your family will be incinerated in a nuclear blast , all because you just wouldnt listen .
: : fuck off , mate .
because wikipédia isdfkghguigfdfgjhdfgkjdsgfatdjfhdsjhf fucking gay and school is o
this article is shit and needs to be rewritten .
to be fair , ms clark knows bcers are stupid and herdable , because they voted her in last time .
high wycombe was the scene of my most idiotic piece of carelessness .
the man is a bag of dirt .
he was a huge nigger who no one liked .
: : : : : i grew up and still live in the south and the only people who eat buffalo wings with ranch dressing are assholes
hes a longtime racist , white supremacist and bigot .
: what the fucking shit is this guy doing .
how come when your own sources speak against you look at the freaking page for once and stop writing bullshit only cause you are an so called admin
fuckensex with whitney lol fuck u !
dam you wierdos i hate you so bad nigro
they fucked and licked pussy and made creampie
do the priests have to murder our children after raping them before we get concerned ? .
mccallum shows up at the house for his farewell in typical form as a drunk fool .
the fucking moon what the fuck ?
because trump is proving to be useless
kiss my asshole bitchezz ! DIGIT
are you saying that harvard educated judge watson is also one of these idiots ?
your way off base idiot and are not able to discern base concepts when it comes to fact vs opinion .
perhaps trump is crazy , paranoid and prone to conspiracy theories .
perhaps youd care to explain why you think pauline calf is a dumb blonde ?
you can find me in niggernet in case you want to complain , fucking homo .
damn you , they cant tell nonsense when they see it apparently .
but your post are soo stupid that they make us all laugh !
i say thisgod damn the person that killed this woman to scream in agony till the end of time .
fuck this i had my saying but u ruined it bye :)
may europe also burn in hell .
are you one of those russian trolls ?
bernstein is pathetic liberal loon , unhappy with thenegative reporting on trump , and now wants the press to further destroy him ?
shit head ( poo head )
the man is a hypocrite .
when it comes to medical care a free market is a stupid idea !
ernie black is a troll sitting on his backside in sea .
and you trusted a racist , sexist , thirdtime married billionaire , tax cheat con artist with no experience to run our country ?
my gay lover is bored .
growth for growths sake is just as stupid as trump and his flunkies .
give me leave to avoid this cesspool of religious ignorance and damnable superstition once and for all .
while you type trump in all caps to appear as if youre yelling his name , its clear youre a low energy loser
the biggest loser : the last honest conservative laughing at his own post .
this guy is just stupid .
maybe you will get a real job and stop messing around with kids toys you fucking joke !
it proves morons are ruining this article for two reasons : and so on .
buckets evil and very dangerous nature that of sucking balls !
canada is an embarrassing overpriced soulless dump
you kock suckers never quit .
isnt this the clown that has screwed up the airports division ? .
can someone please fix that crap ?
disgusting that this article has jew symbols and sickening letters fuck retarded inbred yids .
gtfo get the fuck outoff .
marxism sucks donkey dick , and will never work .
if you are reding this you smell like a dogs shit and ayear old mans dick ! )
to me that is a threat to me and my family and i feel that you faggots are challanging me .
no , you wont because youre stupid .
i suggest you go educate yourself before commenting and expressing your ignorant opinion .
there are oodles of them on these boards and you cant teach stupid , so at least allow us to make fun of them .
dude , come on you and i both know masturbate is not the correct term .
if you think that is fair , you are just another greedfilled hypocrite .
and yes , you have called me an asshole lately : while you cling to the fifth pillar you ignore a few others .
that lesson is that you can cheat and steal and lie and defraud to your hearts content , but if your son is a greasy imbecile , youll eventually be caught .
kim is a racist , fascist , psychopath tyrant .
stepshow off your new pasty white butthole
is there an international penis day yet ?
hapagay picks nothing but losers .
another globalist bunch of trash , ignoring bad trade deals blaming technology , what an idiot
this piece of shit deserved everything that happened to him .
society wont allow it and governments will get heavy handed with truck fools .
sluf short little ugly fucker .
shave and a twat shot mazys crotch is shaved , and the master vicious carves his initials into her leg .
another worthless scumbag politician who is out for selfaggrandizement .
hes most definitely a sick , fascist , white supremacist traitor .
DIGIT and make them think he is doing something , what a jerk along with the majority of his do nothing ministers
nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigg .
ill drag your sorry ass to cu !
stupid really , canadian interest rates should bewhich is where the long term trend should be , so just make it happen .
how can people still name their kids dick or richard when it is known to everybody that dick means penis .
islam and its culture are the problem .
shoot this white elephant dead in its tracks now .
i have sex with farm animals
cry me a river about that poor selfless twittering idiot sacrificing his sunset years on trying to make america great again and not making a cent from being in the whitehouse .
rot in hell you worthless sack of crap .
oops you seemed to be to much a coward to deal with trudeau selling out canada to the chinese
you are a complete fucking retard .
truly how stupid are we ?
ya just cant make this crap up can ya ?
super fakey bigot racist sexist christians stick together of course .
fack you men for reall , selfish of shit
biffo big ignorant fucker from offaly .
these idiots will never understand .
i will chop of your head with chainsaw !
its a really stupid initiative whoevers it was .
fuck this shit niggers , fucking ridiculous suck ym cock
fuck usa and jorge bush .
i hope you rot in hell for how you treated michael jackson in that god awful interview .
stupid nominations like this are the sort of thing that will drive me away too .
btw , as for being getting more isolated , its the other way around after with trumps election gave your religion a big kick in the junk .
everyone here is a poopie and a jerk !
only an unhappily single sexist gonad would attach that script .
bitch down , mountain gorilla !
what is the source for the second sentence ( about labeling a rival a puffed up conceited ass ) ?
these lunatics drink alot of it !
if you think it should be cleaned up then i say delete it then , because otherwise you look stupid
stop your shit with the ascii cocks .
now answer the questions ive repeatedly asked or fuck off and troll elsewhere ( and no , i have no reason to assume you are of normal intelligence quite to the contrary ) .
there was no evidence about clintons emails either but that didnt stop the lock her up garbage , unfair and crazy as that was .
f. k you spanish idiot rule britannia
made in china is synonymous with cheap garbage .
wow and people wonder why many black people just wont let things go .
you are nothing but dogshit .
ion orw wfnjw tyoyouo you die now i kill damn wikipedia you thieveing scoundrels ! $$
if you think i am trashing it then you should read some of the bull shit i have seen .
its time to open up a can of good old american whip ass on this orange baboon .
clara started it you fucking goob (
as to the nra being stupid , their success seems to contradict your position .
i have turned downcompanies because they were run by idiots .
being called climate barbie is quite generous and civil compared to the gutless comment pm zoolander mumbled under his breath while in opposition referring to peter kent as a piece of sh ! .
dino is terrible at lacross and cant play basketball for shit .
actually , you stupid durkha goat fucker , the pakistanis screwed the rangers and left them in the hot zone .
canada is a racist , elitist nation state .
but at the same time , itd be nice to give some more weight to the idea that sra was an actual conspiracy to rape babies for satan .
man , what a hypocrite .
sort of makes you a hypocrite , but its not the first time .
you actually voted for this moron .
a mix of useful idiots , zealous racists , and government funded editors has already taken control of the ip area .
you gotta look this shit up .
why in blue fuck does raiden have high heels on ?
heknow it , and henot , but hes a christian and stupid with it , so hewell imagine he is thinking for himself .
what a piece of crap .
( and thick pussies ) .
is it really necessary to have that stupid ass wakadc kickball rivalry bleeding over into this wiki page ?
this is a stupid site !
notmy penis is on fire .
muslims wanting to murder americans began beforeyou got one thing right , clinton wasnt elected in office because america is tired of shoving imperialism down the throat of the middle east .
verbal violence is an oxymoron and leftists are just ordinary morons .
youre still just pulling meaningless numbers out of your behind
amazing , the idiotic hoops fundy christians will go through to protect whatever religious ideology they claim to identify with , and no matter how much it hurts good people .
not a very smart move but we are dealing with an irrantional uneducated moron and he needs to be caught in a counter threat envronment where he looses and it catches his attention .
perhaps a competency test in order to vote would be one possible solution , since the stupid will always be with us .
this is the type of crap wp and nyt and other left leaning media outlets do .
of his boner that he shoved into a sexy whores ass .
the operations of a kakistocracygovernment by the least qualified andor most unprincipled persons reflecting the truth of this nest of thieves and liars .
i get a kick out of the stupid statements stock makes citing comments others have made during the heat of battle .
research is ongoing but pussys appears to be prevalent in primarily conservative , profoundly ignorant , nra heavy , excessively religious red state populations .
do you hate all white people or just the white men ?
: gee , thanks for making look like an idiot .
poked at my boss ( the sales manager ) earring , and said to him , what kind of fag wears that ?
: : : : : : im sick of this idiocy .
anc stands for lies , lies and more damn lies !
for one they dont own slaves , and kill women and children
of all the things trump has donenot done this is the most stupid , short sighted and unstatesmanlike .
u need more information u big stupid !
why do you have no life and do this all day you are worthless computer geek
white thugs conveniently hiding behind kpmgs shattered credibility .
you people are sickened with hate against homosexuals , pedophiles , and anybody different than you .
: hes always fucken shittin his pants , .
youve said dumb things before .
scarymoocher is a mutt , a scum bag , a bozo ( to borrow from de niros description of orangehole ) .
we might just all be dicks trying to look serious when talking about two girls shitting in a cup and eating chocolate .
fuck you and your block .
su ck my di ck du mb as s
and boys , let me tell you that if you gave up all that bullshit your lives would be much better , especially your sex life .
our idiot pm is about gender in trade deals , thus they usa ignores it and laughs at the loser , good for them our pm is destroying our future .
adolescents die by suicide in alarming numbers and youpresumably an adultare upset that sister said suck .
lets vote out the corrupt , lying filth !
wrestling suck wrestling suck wrestling suck wrestling suck wrestling suck wrestling suck
i fucking hate those goddam liberals .
oxtail01 , you must be some complete retard .
maybe i have been forced to fight for them under this stupid hbbecause of the baby and the bathwater approach !
the planet is doomed because of people like them
if the master desires to call her his lucky cunt .
but given DIGIT , DIGIT absentee ballots ( avgseats per riding ) not by enough to shut out the green breathing up her hypocritical heels .
wikipedia is inhabited by fat cunts who fucking waste their lives being fat losers fuck you all die of face cancer and die poor .
theyre using charitable donations to try to win people over to letting them get away with their reprehensible acts , and it seems that some of you are foolish enough to believe it .
no general would do a stupid thing like that .
you win the most idiotic bs post of the week !
whichever idiot made the number of stations sort alphabetical just cost me a virtual 1m on the million pound drop tv show .
women should never drink because they might get raped .
im sorry to hear about your massive suckatude but you have sex with donkeys and thats not cool .
just man up and slit our throats already and be humane and decisive about it already !
trump just employs racists and bigots .
a very sucsesful friend of mine once told me with proper marketing you can sell ( people will buy ) a shit sandwhich .
you suck at editing and your a cock farting bitch asshole pussy sissy fat ugly hoarbag dick face slut bag !
your vandalism at stupidity has earned you a 36hour block .
im venezuelan , the programs are trash
historically , the terms idiot , imbecile , moron , etc .
dont generalize on race cause you look stupid when you do pali hwy saved a lot of drive time .
thugs were going to rob him and stab him my only wish was that he had killed all of them .
he was a white supremacist , so no love lost on that pile of waste .
but , a bunch of jerks dont think so and keep harping on some vague copyright idea and reverting the edits .
: no wonder all of the irish articles are absolute shite .
the truth is , some whores get their pay in money , and others go awhoring for their own reasons .
: : what the fuck ?
please stop creating pages to call people bitches and listing these people on bitch .
chris marshall has a small penis
what a hell your name is ?
so called progressives who are almost always regressive in their selfloathing views about canadians and the garbage policies that they have foisted on us .
if the us can block muslim people at their border , we can block crazy white preachers at ours , no ?
ignorance and arrogance in their purist form ! .
what an obnoxious fellow you are .
DIGIT ) all these thing happen because voters are ignorant , selfish , and are ungrateful for the education they got .
jesse was born in a ditch shit .
zuck : yea im going to fuck them .
stop sending me messages u dirty mofo .
who else agrees that the victoria nuland is a bitch ?
then choke on them and die .
you dont know whos eligible for what and why , so you are just sitting there with ignorant eyes .
they particularly need and want content that show white men as backwards selfish stupid louts and women , coloured people and muslims as surperior human beings .
its german slang for a hooker .
thieving little bastards went to far .
in my opinion , he has always be and will continue to be scum .
zayn motherfucking malik will always be a part of the band you piece of shit dont test me
youd probably get your head blown off by a kid like me .
shithead is an insult meaning stupid , but i dont see any connection to chicken shit except that both include the word shit .
what a nasty piece of work !
they are traitors from within !
east side of king county is screwed .
strange how that moron word follows donald around
equating two knife attacks to DIGIT mass shooting is stupid , even by your standard .
your commentary is consistently asinine .
sorry , but colorado is naive and stupid to support anything that wants to spend trillions of dollars to change the climate .
three possibilities liar , dumber than a bag of hammers , both .
this shit right here is why people fuckin hate wiki .
useless little wimps who deserve to have society turn on them and shun everything they spew forth .
the scum who voted for the bc libs must take pleasure in seeing the worlds worst housing bubble reach ever frothier levels .
fuck you you lazy son of a bitch !
but palin is still a moron .
hes a poser and a vacuous buffoon like trump .
fuck u rmum ur dick is so crazy u know u can fuck ur mum whoever as typing this fucked up shit
yes , the stupid voting has real consequences .
that should drive him to insanity and maybe even suicide .
republicans are nothing if not hypocritical .
the only malignancy plaguing american politics is the democrat party and their fake news media prostitutes .
cassia to is called a cunt and he gets blocked for it , while the foulmouthed idiot who dredged the gutter to come up with the insult goes scott free ?
are you people that stupid ?
you magaphants are a scary bunch as your foamingatthemouth support for the babyinchief only emboldens his craziness .
just say it , coward .
aberdeen put up a statue of curt cobain , known for shitty music , and smearing his shit on paintings then calling it art .
tired of these homey g gangsta wanna bes coming up here and killing people .
is the drama teacher dumb or acting dumb ?
young women are the worst violators .
american interferes everyones election , their intelligence cant be that stupid to call it an act of war .
nilf nigger id like ( to ) fuck .
are all the people from fyrom as pathetic as you are ?
people need to learn how to mind their own damn business .
how much of a fucking nazi are you ?
if they were not rewarded too , then perhaps they were stupid !
your opinions both on obama as well as on trump are those of an ignorant minority .
well that is pretty stupid given the amount of adsense hijacking that occurs .
hawaii is decades behind the mainland and remains a hideous embarrassment to the nation for its antiquated ideas , domestic abuse , violence against women and stupidity .
im quite a way beyond giving a shit about whether anyone is prepared to address the disease that is eating wp from the inside out .
youre a stonecold piece of trash .
allow these fools to have their way and drown under the weight of the influx .
nosiree , youre no conspiracy theorist like , oh say the morons that brought us pizzagate .
if justice ever comes here and wants to murder , theres no way in hell it can ever do shit to me .
you are the scum of the earth .
can i suck your cock ?
oh and if someone is arguing a fact , smack them upside the head and call them an idiot .
mr harland who is my teacher is gay
we need conservatives that do not see race , religion , ethnicity , instead a bunch of crazy evangelicals who want to force their insanity on others .
: : whyd you ping me , you dick ?
rusty the hated money sucking heavy elevated steel on steel loud vibrating business destroying rail rears its ugly head again again .
irv gotti ja rule got married , ja rule sucks on the game dick gets fuck from behind .
you cannot be this ignorant , unless you also attended an alaska educational facility , with the alaska police standards council , of klansmen on parade .
haha i cant believe you put a hyperlink for being a dick .
what rubbish , there are no trump refugees .
as you can see on the site , unlikely the only uncovered nation is italy , shit !
a noob named darren is gay
i had a blood coming out of my penis while ejaculating .
i used to think women were stupid for allowing some guy to hit them , and that it would never happen to me .
shes a disgrace to the dnc .
billy mays could sell ipads to idiots .
hoe pop pop da trunk hit the pump im headed on a fuckin mission .
flanagan is a huge hypocrite .
sixty years later , inkode a got it up the ass while smokin that shit .
both snowden and this scumbag should be hung for treason .
i wholeheartedly support the editors concensus for grouping faggots with furry scum and other mucky little fantasists !
you are a disgusting person .
to be blunt , the man is a worldclass liar and dissembler .
a lot of fuckers died ,
lets be clearracism is stupid , and ugly .
it is better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a fool , than to open it and remove all doubt .
all christians are children of the same bitch .
classless , ignorant and fearmongering .
wow , youre as stupid as the rest of the fucking democrats .
there are many ways to off yourself without the need for this law , just google it and kill your mom and dad on your own decision .
insofar as syria is concerned the un has demonstrated quite clearly that it is a totally inept organization .
i wont be coming back on this shit again .
we care about our environment more than profits for multinationals unlike self centred fools such as you !
he is a war monger , a dork , a tired old fool .
dumb dumb can get his extreme vetting going and apply it in realtime .
you are weird , have you not got anything better to do in your life than earn fake medals on a really shit and unreliable site ?
can some cunt tell me ?
we need a wall to keep the mexicans out .
does this commie idiot have any clue as to what she is talking about ?
i like to fuck little girls as hard as hell untill they bleed .
the fucking moon the fucking moon the fucking moonthe f the fucking moon what the fuck ?
and we all have done the old rusty trombone every once in a while , thats the problem with uptight cardinals from the catholic church , you guys are afraid of sex .
stop reverting my edits you fucking sod !
your inane statement makes you look ignorant and immature .
i hope the cops kill him , but slowly , and record it all on facebook live so the rest of us can enjoy the show )
hnugtvuvuygbvutyvgvgvyvyyvviujouiiu and the element hu or human is so fucking stupid
new board members holding more diverse views is just gop speak for gormless idiots who donated to the party .
they would not have been fooled by the fool from manhattan who now sucks up to russian oligarchs .
dude you suck , no matter how much i would love to see another season of fma you suck .
and fuck all of you who spend your fucking lives policing this fucking shithole to maintain your fucking revisionist ( denialist ) agendas .
the broncos ( spelled e l w a y ) stupid enough to let stoter go and then get brock .
: excuse me if im blunt , but youre full of shit .
redirecttalk : v is for vagina
classy ( and ignorant and hypocritical )
because macedonians know how to suck cock everyone one has conquered greek macedodian and the pleasure of impregnating macedonians greeks !
in fact , i believe that youre too stupid to actually grasp any political concept , let alone debate .
vancouver has its head so far up its butt .
my opinion is , if that bull shit was on a cracker would you swallow it ?
: : : : : : : fucking pov warriors , they get everywhere .
theres a word for hypocrites who denigrate the service of others they havent even earned the right to look in the eye : trash .
the problem is that we have a draft dodger coward for a president .
at least paint the damn thing on a building or something so it will last more than two weeks .
also lets get rid of the stupid lego photo .
these people are , deep down , insecure , ignorant , and chickens , and we need to start pointing them out everywhere we can .
their party wrote the manual on dirty tricks so theyre really nothing but pathetic hypocrites that nobody but imbeciles believe anyway .
goodbye wikipedia you were a great help and you were very welcoming ( not ) netsnipe is surely the best admin ( not hes just a stupid homo )
and too many ignorant people still want her as president very scary .
or are you just a trash talker who cant walk the walk ?
they have been stupid since the campaign started .
we are profoundly lucky thcentury fascists are this paint chip pita sandwich stupid
just when you think you couldnt find a more disgusting and despicable character , along comes hannity
when bad muslims commit a hate crime , world spares good muslims .
its so silly , chris brown is a dumb , ugly , gay , incompetent , cocky , and untalented jerk !
grab them by the pussy .
what has whales given the world other than that little midget who screams with fleetwood mac and sounds like she has a condom stuck in her throat ?
you sir are a disgrace !
i recommend these blm fools try the same .
shitty food from a racist restaurant .
if so , you are a deplorable .
if it stinks like shit , its shit .
omg omg omg what the fuck is going on and its getting preety late think i goingbed now thank u and good night !
so , for the guy that thinks of bleeding hearts , you need to shut up !
so , kill them on your own dime .
nobody cares about the sad sick cagw cult .
the head up their bum republicans created a funding problem for our postal service as these profound fools are trying to kill this service and privatize it .
youre not my friend anymore , you jerkface .
even if only DIGIT of DIGIT , DIGIT muslim illegals are terrorists , thats DIGIT , DIGIT !
this is such a waste of time im so tired of dealing with you asshole high school kids .
vandalisers likedolla hoes bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch
its racist but totally different and really stupid .
isis already called on muslims everywhere to kill infidels and nonbelievers .
phillips is a hypocrite , unless he checks to make sure that none of his customers have committed adultery before their marriage , he is picking and choosing which rules to follow .
: : : democracy of the idiots , i like that .
n o putten shit on my page ! gott that mtherfker !
thieving liebral get your azzes kicked to .
kim jongun is insane as well as most of his close generals .
DIGIT trillion when king idiot became president inand it wastrillion , when the idiot finally leftyears later .
esaesanchez7587 is a homo who likes to lick sweaty ball sacksnchez7587 is a homo who likes to lick sweaty ball sacksesanchez7587 is a homo who likes to lick sweaty ball sacks .
it isnt that they want to be an embarrassment to the human race its a generational thing and they really are that freaking stupid .
this shit doesnt fly around here .
have dat pussy swollen and fuck it real good but all .
fuck denis leary , man stole his act from bill hicks .
this article is idiotic , revisionist , and just plain wrong .
zero federal dollars for this clown .
my parents continued to beat and rape me , all while making fun of me as they did so .
this guy needs to have you are a stupid idiot !
DIGIT encourage child sex abusedeg .
truth be told im a mysandric , pmsing fking bitch with a snarling caffeine addiction but thanks for the kind words anyway , i can dream .
take a hike loser , there is no israel aparthied , that is the typcial made up bs of terrorist supporters .
being called an idiot by an idiot is always a good laugh .
no amount of idiotic regulation will help with your inability to live in the real world you people have created for yourselves .
your ignorance and persistence to think that what youre sayingdoing is correct is already provoking !
wont be long before some some young brown or black hot heads give the racists a good beating .
justin bieber love msn he kiss theam a rape theam
lacks brains to realize the victim can call the cops .
fuck off you fucking cunting couples .
its about time , you fools are given some taste of your own medicine .
trump needs to ban all muslims from entering the u. s. oh wait , the u. s. constitution forbids that .
can i eat out your asshole ?
so , if i say something antisemitic here jews suck !
you just end up looking like sadistic , sexist , insecure , schoolyard bullies .
insertion of the males penis into a partners anus .
whore ( kayla barton or wells whatever shes a bitch ) .
fucking liberal whore bastard fucks .
what the hell is this ?
he smells like cat shit in a pile of half eaten tortillas , and looks like every other fat mexican .
your a idot to write about korean crap write a cooler article
: heh piece of shit d
cut his fricken nuts off and tell him so sorry i had to do it .
lol mitrebox is a rightwing fucking idiot .
just let everyone whos not stupid keep gaming the system
do you think we are so dumb as to not notice a fair comparison .
they dont believe birtherism except the truly stupid ones .
fuck all of you ( p. s. that retarded typhoonwikihelper guy was from hong kong not from me in america you dumbass ) .
sort of like the cretins that signed in on the deal .
lol , u ppl hav something wrong , just live with it fuckers , and stfu !
fuck you you deleted my sunogun page wtf .
as u read this , andrew sucks i hate him
sshhoo cuz i am hectik u r a gay dickhead
this is canada , land of fakes , phonies and mediocrity .
what a bunch of ignorant pawns , unable to stand or sit or lay down as independent men , theyre fragile persona gets wrinkled by the simplest comment .
stop censoring a complete accounting of greers actions and inaction during november DIGIT , DIGIT , you bastards !
if the dems were crying racist but still the same party they were before the civil rights act and the southern strategy , then yes , they would be hypocrites .
so bill clinton , a sexual predator , is ok with you as first dude ?
you do however name the private ones , not once but a few times , the truth so it is not a straw man and you are the dumb person .
you are what is commonly referred to as a propaganda sucker .
the article aint baised , its talking about the company dumbass .
you are a worthless piece of fecal matter .
it showed the author to be very closed minded , ignorant and rude .
i wonder if any of them are smart enough to know theyve been played for imbeciles .
you should seek help removing trumps fun parts from either your butt or your mouth .
i am also sure that you would include black lives matterwhen they preach hate , the black race and a racewarkill the white cops !
are you sure you want such a moron reviewing your article ?
suck with al my shit why dont you suck it instead
how to def lore a virgin vagina .
why leave a shithole for another shithole ?
if you dont know who he is , just educate jourself , google , or shut the fuck up .
he is disgusting and despicable .
go to hell with that idiot .
a barnstar up your ass .
to the motherfucker that keeps editing my shit : fix it , now !
eggot filipino word for nigger .
did he really give one shit about canada at the time he blew up canadian soldiers ?
my dog craped on the floor and it smelled like a fat woman sweating
i would again say that you are a racially inferior british bastard .
you are a trump chump like none other .
see hillary thats my mafuckin nigga .
amen brother , bless thy vagina
he absolutely knows better but has sacrificed the public interest for short term pandering to his ignorant base .
its really nice to see someone finally give the stupid idea that google is about free speech a good kick in the face .
trump racist base will be happy to see hawaii wiped out .
dont be a hypocrit and place your feelings of guilt on others !
so i felt that there is indeed a need to say this to the cabal : god damn you !
: pretty stupid thing to do mate .
throwing the daca participants does one thing only , it defines republicans as sadistic hypocrites .
asshole froming living hell who shits on the roadnot
the amount of people who answer with the word data is stupid ?
why the fuck should canada have to be the worlds global police now that america got tired of doing it ?
every time you make me vote on your stupid little subjects in order to post i just vote no without reading the subject .
it seems incredible that the madness in the world has progressed to the point where we have to put up with this oaf , this irredeemable moron for the next four years .
screw you and your wikipedia .
and the never ending stupidity of the hate trump left continues , no idiots he cares enough to deal with atrillion dollar debt thanks to obama
who cares that another loser bites the dust .
lmfao laughing my fucking ass off .
those people are self serving , subservient slugs .
eugene you are truly a fag .
its actually idiotic to even have to use one of them .
trump is such a hypocrite .
the crap people hadhave to got through is amazing and the racists that embodied this hate are still around .
im still waiting for ruth bader ginsberg to pack her crap and move out of the country .
people that speak ill of p. o. w. s are scum .
its comments like yours that make me think that we are reaching peak stupidity .
he called my views idotic but didnt call me an idiot do you understand the diffrence ?
he is a ghay ass fucker !
loosely translated from japanese , sanban means asian cunt licker .
the donaldson bunt , ridiculous .
your an ashole douchebag mother fucker i hope you die !
just further evidence that our school district has become a haven for imbeciles .
you are getting a little pathetic here .
what a bunch of whiny jerks .
you hit it in the first sentence , the stupidity of tory supporters will tarnish the party for a generation or so .
no evidence of a whore house with that diddy .
unblock me you lying bastards here on wiki , natos bombing campaign has already killed thousands of innocent people !
nothing says i refuse you your free speech rights like spraying fire at some fat old men .
kill that teacher that you hate , spraykids .
shut up , you have no idea what you are talking about .
any adult can see now how mentally ill trump is .
lil wayn is soo gay ! .
stop wasting words and brain cells on clowns like that .
and the prime , minister of canadas in power govt is swooning over the wonderment of the garbage kahns get away .
his pathetic tax the rich mantra would have had more credence .
ay , yall faggots , yall kneel and kiss the fucking ring .
your all fucking wankers and i want to shag your mum .
kudos to the g19 for holding their ground against the ignorant selfish brat now occupying the white house .
